Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
how
surprised
You are very courageous
The entire Tianbei City is worth the risk for me to kill.
only you
wrong
You're blocking me here
It can only mean that your people
Always monitoring the Mingyue Tower
Then it's impossible to just sting me
Sister Yao
Last time, Wujin Ape and Iron-clad Lion
Being taken out by the demon Taixuan to do something
So much so that I didn’t finish you off at the Holy Spirit Pond.
Now
kill
Yang Shisan
beautiful
war tramples
keep up
Don't come out
Danger
fire spirit
Dark night fireball
Sister Yao
I kill you
Fearless Mahamudra
dark night
Fire Fist
Mountains and rivers are immeasurable
Sister Yao
I'm fine
there
five pairs
this time
you're done
rabbit
fought
It's two against five
Another waste of Master Rabbit’s precious medicine
unforgivable
Even a rabbit dares to be arrogant
Dark night fireball
beat
frozen
Night Fire
Shu
Let you waste my precious medicine
Sister Yao
Heal your wounds well
Leave the rest to me
You pissed me off
Triple Bear King Power
Got it
FAW admit defeat
M give up
LE
You don't even deserve to let me use my spirit
Your Earthshaker Bear is no good either.
kill him
snort
S Fearless Mahamudra
It's one-on-one now
wood spirit
Netherworld Flower Sea
Unify
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
Kao kills
war tramples
Fearless knife
withdraw
Withdraw
Useless man
snort
That's not right
You didn't try your best from the beginning
Don’t forget about using War Bear King and Qilin Demon Arm.
Even the strength used is less than 80%
you did it on purpose
Beat Chu Tianming
You didn't use your full strength on purpose, right?
Of course
If Master Rabbit really showed his power, he would have died long ago.
they ran away
Only then do we have a chance to follow
This time I almost killed Senior Sister Yao
I don’t know who will suffer next time
I don't have the patience to play with them
Take your waist, senior sister
Go back to college first
I'll go check out their den
We can't let more people get hurt.
We must get them all out this time
I have long heard that the Li family and Shi Huang are not willing to deal with each other.
fire spirit
Ghost Fire Eyes
A killer with bloody hands
Heiyilou is the knife in His Highness's hand
The Li family and Heiyilou were here to kill me.
Later Qin Changkong and Hei Yilou were also here
Now here again
snort
Why are all my enemies
They all use Yuntai Villa as their base.
The water is misty
Water Piaomiao
What kind of person are you?
snort
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)